Added the section for Biconomy Integration (#82)
kkrt-labs/kakarot-docs: docs/ecosystem/account-abstraction/biconomy.md

---
title: Biconomy
sidebar_position: 3
---

> ## Biconomy Integration with Kakarot 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Biconomy Integration with Kakarot Starknet 
```

> In this tutorial, we'll walk through the process of integrating Biconomy with Kakarot chain to enable gasless transactions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we'll walk through the process of integrating Biconomy with Kakarot Starknet Sepolia to enable gasless transactions. 
```

> The tutorial covers the entire process from setting up the Biconomy paymaster to actually sending a gasless transaction on the Kakarot chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tutorial covers the entire process from setting up the Biconomy paymaster to actually sending a gasless transaction on Kakarot Starknet Sepolia.
```

## Prerequisites

> - A wallet with some testnet tokens for Kakarot chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A wallet with some testnet tokens for Kakarot Starknet Sepolia
```

## Step 1: Create a Biconomy Paymaster

1. Go to the [Biconomy Dashboard](https://dashboard.biconomy.io/).
2. Sign up or log in to your account.
3. Click on "Create New Paymaster."

> 4. Select "Kakarot" as the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select "Kakarot Starknet Sepolia" as the network.
```

const client = createWalletClient({
    account,
    chain: kakarotSepolia,
    transport: http(),
});

const smartWallet = await createSmartAccountClient({
    signer: client,
    biconomyPaymasterApiKey: config.biconomyPaymasterApiKey,
    bundlerUrl: config.bundlerUrl,
});
const saAddress = await smartWallet.getAccountAddress();
console.log("Smart Account Address", saAddress);
```

## Step 3: Send a Gasless Transaction

1. Prepare the transaction data:

```typescript
const tx = {
    to: '0xf5715961C550FC497832063a98eA34673ad7C816',
    value: parseEther('0.0001')
};
console.log("Transaction sent:", tx);
```
2. Send the transaction and wait for the result:

```typescript
const userOpResponse = await smartWallet.sendTransaction(tx, {
    paymasterServiceData: { mode: PaymasterMode.SPONSORED },
});
const { transactionHash } = await userOpResponse.waitForTxHash();
console.log("Transaction Hash", transactionHash);
const userOpReceipt = await userOpResponse.wait();
if (userOpReceipt.success === "true") {
    console.log("UserOp receipt", userOpReceipt);
    console.log("Transaction receipt", userOpReceipt.receipt);
}
```

## Conclusion

> You have now successfully integrated Biconomy with Kakarot chain and sent a gasless transaction. This setup allows your users to interact with your dApp without worrying about gas fees, improving the overall user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have now successfully integrated Biconomy with Kakarot Starknet Sepolia and sent a gasless transaction. This setup allows your users to interact with your dApp without worrying about gas fees, improving the overall user experience.
```
